hi guys so I am again outside and this
is just an update / and I was with you
um the update is I'm no longer actually
transferring so I'm staying right where
I am and I'm going to be moving in with
two of my really really close friends
and maybe I can coerce them into getting
in a video with me um oh I'm playing
with magic cards because that's what the
announcement is the announcement is i
said i was recently going to get into
Carter altering and I I have and as a
matter of fact I'm even open two
commissions for these for a better
pictures of these card altering you're
gonna have to go to my blog i will post
a link to the specific tab on my blog
and then a link to my overall blog with
the email address that if you want a
commission you just email me there and
none of it and but what i have right now
is a fish on an island because one day
drak accidentally called a sturgeon fish
fish a surgeon fish and i have not let
him forget that so i made a certain fish
for my hover mayor if you're actually on
my blog a lot then you'll see that
this was what the first one that I did I
was supposed to extend it but that was
too boring so I made it this way i'm
actually getting into extending the art
and hopefully i can get really good at
them and then just a pretty little
forced um again I also do I have
measured the gathering abacuses this
one's actually being sent out today
maybe tomorrow he's actually means to
tell tomorrow I don't remember who who
actually got it but it's done so pretty
one sticks and I really hate it it does
but I there's nothing else I can do
about that it is an overrun okay um then
the fires have been death you've already
seen I believe that was in my how-to and
then my swamp my pretty-pretty swamp
then of course I do wonderful flippy
I tend to only do the flip cards 3d with
foam because that you actually need
placeholder for anything else unless
you're doing EDH and you want to
Commander that's that's fun that's
really cool but this is the actual
announcement video that I am open to
commissions and the weird noise at the
background is a lawnmower yes or drag
talking I mean arrow which one you're
actually hearing um yeah so that's it
and thanks for watching I